{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNextCondensed-BoldItalic;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNextCondensed-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNextCondensed-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;\red246\green112\blue25;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6667\c6667\c6667;\cssrgb\c98039\c52157\c12157;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw16837\paperh23811\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Privacy
\fs40 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 About Girths & Caliper\
\

\f1\i0\b0\fs28 Girts & Caliper (also referred to as "the app") is a mobile application created by 
\f2\b Alberto Lunardini
\f1\b0   \
\
By using and accessing the app, you agree to the terms of this policy.
\fs32 \
\

\f0\i\b\fs40 Data collection\
\

\f1\i0\b0\fs28 can collect and store the following data:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Body girth measurement\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Skin fold measurement\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Biological sex\
{\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}age\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Body weight\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Body height\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Body fat percentage\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Lean mass weight\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Pictures \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \

\f0\i\b\fs40 Data storage\
\

\f1\i0\b0\fs28 Girts & Caliper stores all data locally and in your iCloud Account in order to synchronise all your iOS devices\
to disable iCloud sync Open Settings > [User name] > iCloud > Girths & Caliper.\
 
\fs32 \

\f0\i\b\fs40 Integration with Apple Health app\
\

\f1\i0\b0\fs28 You may opt to integrate Girts & Caliper with your personal Apple Health app database. If you grant Girts & Caliper access to this database, Girts & Caliper will save Body fat percentage, Body weight , \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Lean mass weight, waist circumference into\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Apple's Health app database.\
\
Girts & Caliper cannot read from or write to your Apple Health app database unless you give it explicit permission to do so.\
If You grant permission will read from Apple Health, Date of birth (Age), Biological Sex, Body height\
\
Girts & Caliper is in no way responsible for the protection of data stored in Apple's Health app database. You and Apple are solely responsible for such information in said database. Please review Apple's applicable policies before granting access to your personal Apple Health app database.\

\fs32 \

\f0\i\b\fs40 Data export\
\

\f1\i0\b0\fs28 Girts & Caliper will 
\f0\i\b never automatically
\f1\i0\b0  upload your personal data (see Data collection) to the internet\
\
The app provides several ways in which you can share this data with others:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b \cf2 Share via Email, Message, Facebook, WhatsApp\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b0 \cf2 You can share your girths, skin folds and derived data, charts as CSV File or pictures\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs32 \cf2  
\f1\i0\b0 \

\f0\i\b iCloud Drive\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b0\fs28 \cf2 You can upload details of one or all drugs stored in the built-in database as CSV File or pictures.
\fs32 \
\

\f0\i\b\fs40 Privacy policy updates\
\

\f1\i0\b0\fs32 We reserve the right to update or modify this privacy policy. This might become necessary e.g. when we make changes to our services. Please review this policy periodically, especially before providing personal information to Girths & Caliper.\
The privacy policy was last changed at the date indicated at the end of this page. Any changes made to this policy will become effective when we publish the revised policy here. Your continued use of our app shall indicate your acceptance of such revisions.\
\

\f0\i\b\fs40 Contact us\

\f1\i0\b0\fs32 If you have any questions regarding this app, our services or this privacy policy, please contact us: \cf3 \ul \ulc3 app.user.info@icloud.com\cf2 \ulnone \
Last updated: 1st Jannuary 2019}